Adding documentation about Clients (#589)
vtex-apps/io-documentation: docs/en/Concepts/clients.md

> # Clients on VTEX IO Services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Clients 
```

> 
> Clients, on VTEX IO, are **abstractions to other services**. We tackle complexities when setting up an HTTP client, for example, so you can focus on the real value of your software. Whenever you need to setup a connection with an **external API** or another **VTEX service**, you should create a *client*! Some standard clients are already baked into VTEX IO, check them [here](https://github.com/vtex/node-vtex-api/blob/ccf4d8f8d3208007c4bfd558baf979df8d825af8/src/clients/IOClients.ts).
> 
> > *Leave the burden with us!*
> 
> **These are some of the features built in our clients infrastructure:**
> 
>  - Cache *(you can use disk on in-memory cache easily)*
>  - Native metrics support
>  - Retry and timeout options
>  - Billing tracking *(you can easily charge who uses your app)*
> 
> ![Clients on IO Services](https://imgur.com/i45O8MN.png)
> 
> - Learn [**how to create and use Clients**](recipes/development/how-to-create-and-use-clients.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

On VTEX IO, Clients are **abstractions to other services**. 

Whenever you need to set up a connection with an external API or another VTEX service, you should create a Client in order to **focus on the real value of your software instead of worrying about those platform complexities**.

These are some of the features built in our clients infrastructure:

 - Cache ;
 - Native metrics support;
 - Retry and timeout options;
 - Billing tracking.

![Clients on IO Services](https://imgur.com/i45O8MN.png)

Learn how to create Clients of your own by accessing the documentation on Managing Clients. 

```

Reviewer: I feel like the concept is not tangible yet. How the complexities are tackled, for example?

When reading this doc, I do understand Clients, but as a theoretical concept. Although I can understand their functionality at a high-level, I can't understand how they actually work on the platform. The image, for example, does not clarify the Clients role for me.

I think this concept article can be more "mastigado", as I would say in Portuguese hehe we should explain exactly what a Client is but in an easier way. The way it is right now I just feel like there is information being left out, don't know.

Reviewer: About the link with all Clients: I don't think it helps to understand the concept but in addition to that it redirects users to a private organization (vtex). A way out would be to add client examples in the concept documentation itself.

Reviewer 2: What's the IOClients.ts? In this file, what are the standard clients? I think it would be interesting to explain which are these standard clients, when they could be used and when it's necessary to create a new one.

How 'VTEX IO Services' deals with clients? What are the advantages?

The image used to explain clients introduces resolvers, BookClient (books.ts), MarkdownClient (markdown.ts)... Maybe this image would fit better the Recipe. I believe an image to explain a concept should be more intuitive. Otherwise, these elements should also be explained or referenced.

```suggestion

On VTEX IO, Clients are **abstractions to other services**. 

A client is responsible for requesting data stored in a remote server over HTTP or another protocol. So whenever you need to set up a connection with an external API or another VTEX service, you should create a Client in order to **focus on the real value of your software instead of worrying about those platform complexities**.

These are some of the features built in our clients infrastructure:

 - Cache ;
 - Native metrics support;
 - Retry and timeout options;
 - Billing tracking.
 
![Clients on IO Services](https://imgur.com/i45O8MN.png)

Learn how to create Clients of your own by accessing the documentation on Managing Clients. 

```
